Rubric

1. Open the calendar, it should be showing the current month.
   - We manually opened the site and checked if it displayed the current month

2. Go to October 2024. Observe:
   - A grid of 5 rows x 7 columns:
      We manually checked and found it matches

   - The first row contains Tuesday October 1 - Saturday October 5. Sunday and Monday are either labelled for September 29/30 or are blank. 
      We checked this manually and found it confirms to the statement and September 29/30 are blank.

   - The last row contains Sunday October 27 - Thursday October 31. Friday and Saturday are either labelled for November or are blank.
       We checked this manually and found it confirms to the statement and Friday and Saturday in the last row are blank.

   - October 8th: Ada Lovelace Day.
      We manually checked and confirmed that the day displays the event. We also built a unit test function which passed passed the test.

   - October 25th: World Lemur Day.
      We manually checked and confirmed that the day displays the event. We also built a unit test function which passed passed the test.

3. On the web page, open October 2020. Observe:
   - October 13th: Ada Lovelace Day.
      We manually checked and confirmed that the day displays the event.

   - October 30th: World Lemur Day.
      We manually checked and confirmed that the day displays the event.

4. On the web page, open May 2030. Observe:
   - May 11th: International Binturong Day.
      We manually checked and confirmed that the day displays the event. We also built a unit test function which passed passed the test.

5. The following months start and end on these dates, and do not have extra days or padding boxes outside of the weeks they’re meant to cover:
   - 2024-12: Sunday (no empty days before) - Tuesday (4 empty days after).
      We manually checked and confirmed that there are no empty days before Sunday and there are 4 empty after days after Tuesday.

   - 2025-02: Saturday (6 days before) - Friday (1 empty day after).
      We manually checked this and found it confirms to the statement.

   - 2025-05: Thursday (4 empty days before) - Saturday (no empty days after).
      We manually checked this and found it confirms to the statement.

   - 2026-02: Sunday (no empty days before) - Saturday (no empty days after).
      We manually checked this and found it confirms to the statement.

6. Functioning previous and next buttons including at the end-points of the month+year selector (if it has ends). - We manually checked this and found it confirms to the statement
   - If there are end-points to the month+year selector, the previous and next buttons must work flawlessly when going beyond that limit. The UI must not e.g. show an empty string, “undefined”, “null”, “NaN” or similar if the “current month” or “current year” is displayed anywhere in the UI. The calendar days must be correctly shown. - We manually checked this and found it confirms to the statement
7. A usable way of jumping to a month+year.
   we used dropdowns to select the month and year.

8. UI is generated by DOM manipulation, and day generation is dynamic. Everything would work if arbitrary additional days were added to the data file.
  We just hard codeed basic html and genererated most of the ui using DOM.day generation is daynamic we add some days to the  hard coded anything and day generation is dynamic we test this by adding below object to days.json and make sure it correctly apears on calendar.
  {
      "name": "International Dawn Chorus",
      "monthName": "May",
      "dayName": "Sunday",
      "occurrence": "first",
      "descriptionURL": "https://codeyourfuture.github.io/Checkpoint/days/lemurs.txt"
   }

9. The website must score 100 for accessibility in Lighthouse.
   we have checked the lighthouse accessibility and found it to be 100%

10. Unit tests must be written for at least one non-trivial function.
   file common.test.mjs includes 4 unit tests for checking getOccurrenceDate function.


For groups of at least 2

1. Run the supplied file with node, generates a file named days.ics. Import that file into a Google Calendar (see instructions above). Verify the same dates as in the web UI.
   We ran node generate-ical.mjs in the terminal which generated days.ics. We then Imported daays.ics into the Test Google Calendar and verified various commemorative days and found that they matched with the calendar app.

2. The events in the calendar must be whole-day events, and not have a start/end time.
   We manually checked and confirmed that the commemorative days show correctly as full day events.

3. Logic for calculating dates must be shared between the web generator and the iCal generator.
   We did this by exporting functions from common.mjs . the days.ics has created and we imported to the google calndar an confirm  the days apears as event.
